README.md, before:

# Assignment

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.2.

## Development server

- Install npm Dependencies using `npm install`,
- Run `npm start` for a dev server.
- Navigate to `http://localhost:5005/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.


## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Git guideline
For each comment there is specific keyword in start of commit message like new,chg meaning of them are as follows :

- `new` : if i am pushing something new feature or functionality in code,
- `wip` : Work in progress on some functionality,
- `fix` : Fixed some issue and then push,
- `chg` : change in previous functionality

Commit message:

Readme update for steps to run project and environment requirement' ;

README.md, after:

# Assignment

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.2.

## Software Dependencies
- Download Install NodeJs from `https://nodejs.org/en/`

## Development server
- Go to Project directory
- Install npm Dependencies using `npm install`,
- Run `npm start` for a dev server.
- Navigate to `http://localhost:5005/` on your browser. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.


## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Git guideline
For each comment there is specific keyword in start of commit message like new,chg meaning of them are as follows :

- `new` : if i am pushing something new feature or functionality in code,
- `wip` : Work in progress on some functionality,
- `fix` : Fixed some issue and then push,
- `chg` : change in previous functionality
